post, share articles (#157)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/PersonalApplications.rst

* :ref:`Post on your activity stream <PostOnYourActivityStream>`
* :ref:`Post in your space <PostInSpace>`
* :ref:`Task Management activities <TaskManagement>`

> * :ref:`News activities notifications <NewsNotifications>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`News notifications <NewsNotifications>`
```

   Click on the notification stream, you will be taken to the detailed
   task pane in the Task Management application.

.. _NewsNotifications :

> **News post in a space**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**News posted in a space**
```

> You will receive the **News post in a space** notification when a user posts an article in a space of which you are member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **News posted in a space** notification when an user posts an article in a space you are member of.
```

Reviewer: "A user" is actually correct (https://english.stackexchange.com/a/105117). Thanks @samehaidi  !

	|image97|

> **News share in a space**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**News shared in a space**
```

> You will receive the **News share in a space** notification when a user shares an article in a space of which you are member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **News shared in a space** notification when an user shares an article in a space you are member of.
```

	|image98|

**My News shared**

> You will receive the **My News shared** notification when a user shares your posted article in another space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **My News shared** notification when an user shares one of your articles in another space.
```

	|image99|

**My News liked**

> 

Reviewer: Missing contents ?

Author: These notifications are not available yet. I only listed the list of upcoming notifications.

Reviewer: :+1:

**My News commented**

> **Kudos recieved for my News**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Kudos received for my News**
```
